README.md, before:

<p align="center" >
<img src="https://github.com/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/raw/master/particle-mark.png" alt="Particle" title="Particle">
</p>

# Particle iOS Cloud SDK

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios?branch=master)

### Introduction


Particle iOS Cloud SDK enables iOS apps to interact with Particle-powered connected products via the Particle Cloud. It’s an easy-to-use wrapper for Particle REST API. The Cloud SDK will allow you to:

- Manage & inject user sessions for the Particle Cloud (access tokens, encrypted session management)
- Claim/Unclaim devices for a user account
- Get a list of Particle devices claimed by user
- Read variables from devices
- Invoke functions on devices
- Publish events from the mobile app and subscribe to events coming from devices
- Get data usage information for Electron devices

### Getting Started

- Download [Particle iOS Cloud SDK](https://github.com/particle/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/archive/master.zip) and try out the included iPhone example app
- Refer to our [documentation](https://docs.particle.io/reference/ios/) for getting started guide, API reference, support & feedback links.


### Communication

- If you **need help**, use [Our community website](http://community.particle.io)
- If you **found a bug**, _and can provide steps to reliably reproduce it_, open an issue.
- If you **have a feature request**, open an issue.
- If you **want to contribute**, submit a pull request.


### Maintainers

- Raimundas Sakalauskas [Github](https://www.github.com/raimundassakalauskas)

### License

Particle iOS Cloud SDK is available under the Apache License 2.0. See the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/blob/master/LICENSE) for more info.

Commit message:

add release policy and cadence information

README.md, after:

<p align="center" >
<img src="https://github.com/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/raw/master/particle-mark.png" alt="Particle" title="Particle">
</p>

# Particle iOS Cloud SDK

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios?branch=master)

### Introduction


Particle iOS Cloud SDK enables iOS apps to interact with Particle-powered connected products via the Particle Cloud. It’s an easy-to-use wrapper for Particle REST API. The Cloud SDK will allow you to:

- Manage & inject user sessions for the Particle Cloud (access tokens, encrypted session management)
- Claim/Unclaim devices for a user account
- Get a list of Particle devices claimed by user
- Read variables from devices
- Invoke functions on devices
- Publish events from the mobile app and subscribe to events coming from devices
- Get data usage information for Electron devices

### Getting Started

- Download [Particle iOS Cloud SDK](https://github.com/particle/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/archive/master.zip) and try out the included iPhone example app
- Refer to our [documentation](https://docs.particle.io/reference/ios/) for getting started guide, API reference, support & feedback links.


### Communication

- If you **need help**, use [Our community website](http://community.particle.io)
- If you **found a bug**, _and can provide steps to reliably reproduce it_, open an issue.
- If you **have a feature request**, open an issue.
- If you **want to contribute**, submit a pull request.

### Release Policy & Cadence

We try to make sure tip of master branch always compiles. We will tag commits used for AppStore releases with git tag. Any time something is merged to master, we will ship a release which includes that change within 90 days.

(Note: while it is our intent to release on this schedule, it is not meant as a guarantee. Circumstances may require us to expand the window between a change and when that change ships in a release.)

### Maintainers

- Raimundas Sakalauskas [Github](https://www.github.com/raimundassakalauskas)

### License

Particle iOS Cloud SDK is available under the Apache License 2.0. See the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/particle-iot/particle-cloud-sdk-ios/blob/master/LICENSE) for more info.
